Let's start by deploying our app as a uni worth lab for that you should ensure that in the next conflict
the mode is set to Universal and then you get two scripts to execute the first script you should execute
is to build script you rabid with NPM run built this builds and optimize your entire code and gives
you a folder which you should deploy in the end.
So with that finished we get this next folder.
And here we essentially have our optimized code and everything we need.
Keep in mind we're still trading on server side application.
Therefore the command to start your next server on your host in the end is NPM start.
You can still tested locally though.
So this now starts your server and since it's on our machine it's still reachable under localhost 3000.
But now this year which looks just as it looked before is actually running in an optimist way with the
code.
Well it's shipped to a real server so let's quit that process and let's ship it to a real server.
Now if you want to see your application run on a real server you would grab all the files here.
So you would deploy the entire project folder to your node hosting providers so to the folder of your
node host gives you where your application should be.
This includes the package adjacent fall for some providers it also includes the node modules folder
avarice dynamically installed that on the server once you uploaded your code.
So that is something that depends on your provider and went to the ploy.
All that code.
All that folder with the subfolder is to your node host.
You need to run NPM start on that hosting server.
Now some providers run that command for you to address you might need to connect.
This is how you deploy your universal application in the end though.
Now let's have a look at the alternatives.